feat: ring history ignore registers (#105)
gbprod/yanky.nvim: doc/yanky.txt

        storage = "shada",
        sync_with_numbered_registers = true,
        cancel_event = "update",

> 	ignore_registers = { "_" },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ignore_registers = { "_" },
```

Can you indent with spaces ?

changed.

> RING.IGNORE_REGISTERS

Reviewer: The file `doc/yanky.txt` is automaticly generated from the `README.md` file on merge. 
Please, only add those changes to the Readme and not in the vimdoc.
Thanks

Author: Thank you - removed.

Default: `{ "_" }`

> Define registeres to be ignored. By default the black hole register is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define registers to be ignored by the yank ring. By default, only the black hole register is ignored.
```
